ah
this year is my driving position in my
racecar it's very much lying down you
know which you can't really imagine from
outside but that's the way it is the
feet even go upwards as you can see
because the cockpit goes up so the
pedals are up there it looks strange but
feels quite normal and it's not a
problem it really feels dynamic
aggressive you know it's not like you're
sleeping in there is fine the compromise
is a little bit that you need to be as
low as possible you know to get the
center of gravity in the car down and
then it's always difficult sometimes to
see where you're going because you're
sitting so low in the car so very often
I even have to lean upwards a little bit
with my head to see the corner or
something depending on where I am on the
track then also the making of the seats
is a really difficult process because
the carbon is is really in the shape of
your body and then obviously if you're
sitting in the garage or making the seat
or driving out on track where you're
dynamically driving change in position
it's a completely different feeling so
all of a sudden things will be hurting
and and I say okay I need more support
here and more support on the ribs but
it's difficult to do more support
because the carbon is so hard so very
often you have to put a little bit of
bits of foam everywhere but at the same
time you don't want to put too much foam
because foam is very heavy and you want
to keep the seat as light as possible so
that's an ongoing process you know it's
very difficult to find the optimum now
I'm gonna take my steering wheel as well
just so you show you how the position is
with a steering wheel it's about here
and it's also a very very small area
like I'm looking just above the steering
wheel at the same time I can't drop the
steering wheel down either because then
I can't steer anymore because my hands
going to the top of my legs this is a
really small area where the steering
wheel is then also there's the display
right here which is just below where I
look to see where I'm going and there I
see all my rpm I shift my gear and and
also my lap time so there's various
important things on the display
you